Week #1
4 Core 
4 Support 
1 Integration

WBS (word breakdown structure)

2 types of resources
human and non-human

Week #2
What Project Management?
Common reasons why project fails
Gartner 

IT PROJ = First Book
Project Baseline - determine estimates and record the actual.
A baseline is a fixed schedule, which represents the standard that is used to measure the performance of the project. (Source Google)

Project Scheduling and Cost (Excel)

QUIZ NEXT WEEK 

* http://blog.capterra.com/surprising-project-management-statistics/

What is a project?
	- a temporary endewavor undertaken to create a unique product, service or result.
	- walang project na hindi natatapos laging may start and end
	- Operations is work done to sustain the business
	- A project ends when its objective have been reached or the project has been terminated.
		- cancelled or continued.
	- Projects can be large or small and take a short or long time to complete. 

Project Attributes
	- has a unique purpose (well defined objective and measurable)
	- is temporary (has a beginning and end)
	- Is developed using a progressive elaboration
		- continous envolvment
	- required resources, often from various areas.
	- should have a primary customer or sponsor
		- the project sponsor usually provides the direction and funding of the project
	- involves uncertainty
Assignment
	2 project management articles (standish, project times, PMI, any other website project managmenet articles.)
	TAGALOG
		
		1. https://www.projecttimes.com/articles/project-manager-perspective.html
		2. https://www.projecttimes.com/articles/communicating-with-qnon-expertsq-a-guide-for-project-managers.html
	
	Top 10 Strategic Technologies
		1. Mobile Devices
		2. Mobile-centric applications and interfaces.
		3. Contextual and social user experience eg. Lazada
		4. Cloud computing 
Week #3	
	Classic Mistakes of PM Failure
		People Related
			Undermined motivation
				Delayed deliverables
				Delayed schedule
			Weak personnel
			Uncontrolled problem employees
			Heroics
			Adding people to a late project
			Noisy, crowded offices
			Customer-Developer friction
			Unrealistic expectations
				Come up with a metrics (Iron Triangle or Triple Constraint)
			Politics (internal)
			Wishful thinking 
			Lack of effective project sponsorship
			Lack of stakeholder buy-in
			Lack of user input
			
		Process Related
			Optimistic schedules
			Insufficient risk management
				Not properly identified risks
			Contractor failure
			Insufficient planning
			Abandonment of plan under pressure
			Wasted time or procastination
			Shortchanged upstream activities
				decreasing the process time
				only perform client side validation
			Inadequate design
			Shortchanged quality assurance
			Insufficient Management Controls
			Frequent covergence
			Omitting necessary tasks from estimates
			Planning to catch-up later
			Code-like-hell programming
		Product Related
			Feature Creep
			Developer gold-plating
				beware the pet project
			Research-oriented development
				train employees so that they are knowledgeble
		Technology Related
			Silver-bullet syndrome
			Overestimated savings from new tools and methods
				Fad warning
			Switching tools in mid-project
			Lack of automated source-code control

	Why do projects fail?
		Lack of confidence in project success, 75% of respondents admit that their projects
		are either always or usually "doomed right from the start"
	
		Rework wariness, 80% admit they spend at least half their time on rework.
		
		stakeholders neeed to be involved and engaged in the requirements process
		
		Fuzzy business objectives: Only 55% feel that the business objectives of their 
		projects are clear to them.
		
		
